---
title: Microsoft Entra PowerShell overview

description: "Learn about the features of Microsoft Entra PowerShell that can help you derive insights and analytics, and build unique, intelligent apps in Microsoft Entra ID."
ms.topic: overview
ms.date: 05/14/2024
author: omondiatieno
manager: CelesteDG
ms.author: jomondi
ms.reviewer: stevemutungi254

#customer intent: As an IT admin, I want to learn about Microsoft Entra PowerShell, so that I can get started with using the module.
---
# Microsoft Entra PowerShell overview

Microsoft Entra PowerShell is a scenario-focused PowerShell module built on top of [Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/powershell/microsoftgraph/overview) that aims to deliver a delightful, human-authored collection of PowerShell cmdlets for managing Microsoft Entra resources.

Microsoft Entra PowerShell is designed to work seamlessly with the autogenerated Microsoft Graph PowerShell SDK, so you can automate across resources if you have both the Microsoft Entra and Graph PowerShell modules installed.

## Microsoft Entra PowerShell features & benefits

The Microsoft Entra PowerShell provides the following benefits:

- **Enhanced Security Features**: Microsoft Entra PowerShell supports the Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL), which offers enhanced security features such as Passwordless sign-in experiences.
- **Cross-Platform Support**: Microsoft Entra PowerShell module works on all platforms, including Windows, macOS, and Linux, providing flexibility in managing Entra resources across different operating systems. Note: Cross platform works if you're using PowerShell 7 or higher.
- **Granular Permissions**: Microsoft Entra PowerShell permissions aren't preauthorized, and users must perform a one-time request for app permissions depending on their needs. The granularity ensures that users have only the necessary permissions to perform their tasks, providing granular control over resource management.
- **Open Source**: The Microsoft Entra PowerShell module is open source, allowing contributions from the community to create great PowerShell experiences and share them with everyone. Open source promotes collaboration and facilitates the development of innovative business solutions. You can view Microsoft's customizations and adapt them to meet your needs.
- **Regular Updates**: Microsoft Entra PowerShell commands are updated regularly to support the latest Graph API and product feature updates, ensuring that users have access to the latest features and capabilities.

## Installation

Microsoft Entra PowerShell module is published on the [PowerShell Gallery][powershell-gallery]. Follow the [installation][installation] instructions to install the Microsoft Entra PowerShell module.

## Get started

To perform basic tasks, use the [Get-started][get-started] guide.

## Authentication

Entra PowerShell supports several authentication methods. For detailed information about authenticating to Microsoft Entra ID from the Entra PowerShell module, see [Sign in with Entra PowerShell][auth-methods].

## Migrating from AzureAD PowerShell module

To learn how to migrate from [Azure AD PowerShell][azure-ad-powershell] or [MSOnline][msonline-powershell] to Microsoft Entra PowerShell, follow this [migration guide][migration-guide].

## Known Issues

Here are the known issues with the Microsoft Entra PowerShell module, along with recommended workarounds.

|          Feature          |                                                                Issue                                                                 |                                   Workaround/Comments                                   |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-All` parameter          | We don't support `-All` Boolean parameter as was the case with AzureAD PowerShell module. `-All` is supported as a switch parameter. | Replace `-All:$true` with `-All` parameter in your scripts.                             |
| `-SearchString` parameter | The parameter `-SearchString` may not work as expected.                                                                              | No workaround. `-SearchString` is offered for backward compatibility with AzureAD only. |

## Next steps

- Create a free [Microsoft Entra ID account][free-entra-id].
- If you already have access to a Microsoft Entra ID tenant, [Install the Entra PowerShell module][installation].

[free-entra-id]: https://azure.microsoft.com/free/entra-id
[azure-ad-powershell]: /powershell/module/azuread
[msonline-powershell]: /powershell/module/msonline
[migration-guide]: migration-guide.md
[get-started]: quickstart-entra-powershell.md
[installation]: installation.md
[powershell-gallery]: installation.md
[auth-methods]: authentication-methods.md